Dox 273 documentation for hidden fields in privacy requests (#266)
ethyca/fidesdocs: pages/dev-docs/configuration/privacy-requests/custom-request-fields.mdx

To add custom fields that will be collected for privacy requests, please add them to the Privacy Center's `config.json` file. 
You may specify:
* A `label`
* Whether or not the field is `required` for submission (defaults to true)
* A `default_value` to pre-populate the field with a value
* A `hidden` attribute to control whether or not the field is displayed in the privacy request form

> Below is an example for adding the following 3 fields: *name*, *order id*, and a hidden field called *domain*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example for adding the following 3 fields: *First name*, *Last name*, and a hidden field called *Tenant ID*. 
```
